# Thursday December 09, 2021

## Attendees

Vegard
Jakub
Adi
Snorre
Richard
Benjamin
Martin

## Notes

### Discussion point: Vegard

Discussion of the breadcrumbs component with regards to https://github.com/fabric-ds/react/pull/66#issuecomment-989643169
Main issue is that its easy to wrap links in a fragment and assume that this doesnt count (will be stripped out) which is incorrect

### Discussion point: Vegard

Discussion of various features needed and issues encountered when implementing Fabric React components on search results page
List from Vegard:
- Add prop for disabling filtering of `options` (show all options, not just those matching `value`). Allows full external control over the `options` list.
- Let Enter `keydown` event bubble up, so that it can be captured by an enclosing `form`. Need in auto-complete to support free-text search when no suggestions are offered.
- Add prop to disable showing the list above the textfield.
- Add support for icons (both svg and img) as `Affix` labels.
- Add support for having both prefix and suffix `Affix` at the same time.
- Remove redundant nested divs from TextField and Affix.
- Extend type of `Affix` child in `TextField`, to support conditional rendering like this:
<TextField value={value}>
    {value && <Affix suffix clear />}
</TextField>
- Extend type of `Affix.toClick()` prop to include `event` parameter (which is actually provided).

### Discussion point

This lead into a discussion of process
* how do we evaluate feature requests and whether they should be included in Fabric?
    * multiple concerns such as
        * do multiple teams need?
        * should we use this as an opportunity to reevealute from a design/ux perspective?
* how do we support teams immediate needs while we evaluate whether features should go into Fabric?
    * One suggestion is to implement features initially as "technical previews" which would be subject to change during an evaluation period while at the same time writing up feature requests for discussion. Adi mentioned taking things back to UX channel and asking if others have the same feature needs etc. ACTION: Richie to write up a proposal for this

### Discussion point: Jakub

Jakub mentioned that on his team they have components that they wonder if could be split out for shared usage. Some discussion followed about evaluation of things that should go into Fabric based on whether they are building blocks and whether at least a couple other teams might have need of them.

### Discussion point: Vegard

Vegard questioned what to do about error states in checkboxes
ACTION: Adi to look into checkbox validation
